(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal"...
♪♪
(Yuma)
Shark, what are you
doing with the Barians?
Go Barian Battle Morph!
(yelling)
I am Nash, leader of
the seven Barian emperors!
(shouting)
Yuma!
I saw your past.
♪♪
(tires screeching)
(Quinton) Shark.
We cannot outrun him.
Stop this nonsense, Shark.
You're no Barian.
I am Nash.
Shark is no more.
I know you're still
in there somewhere.
And I'm going to
do everything I can
to bring you back!
(Astral) Yuma, can you feel it?
The bonds that you have forged
through your dueling
are now trying to protect you.
(Nash) Emperors!
Bring the chaos.
Chaos Draw!
♪♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ And just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls can't
be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Big defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪♪
What could that light be?
I have never sensed anything
with this kind of power.
What's happening?
You are about to witness
the full power of
Barian Chaos, Quattro.
You see, the key to
the seven emperors'
true power is this card.
Rank-Up Magic,
the Seventh One!
This card ranks up Numbers
over 100 into Chaos Numbers!
That won't help you now.
Your Number's in the graveyard.
Not for much longer, Quattro!
This card also
allows me to bring back
a Number over 100.
I summon Number 101...
Silent Honor Dark!
Next I overlay it.
With my monster, I rebuild
the Overlay Network.
(all) Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Arise Chaos Number 107...
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyon Dragon!
Emerge, Chaos Number 106...
Giant Red Hand.
Come out, Chaos Number 105...
Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus.
Appear, Chaos Number 103...
Ragnafinity!
Come forth, Chaos Number 102...
Archfiend Seraph!
Behold, Chaos Number 101...
Silent Honor Dark!
(Nash)
The awesome power of
Barian Chaos
will leave you
quaking with fear.
It is an unstoppable
force of fury.
That thing's tremendous.
Which will make it
all the sweeter
once I take it down!
Get ready, Quattro.
The real duel starts now.
♪♪
If you were
hoping I'd be scared,
then you're going to be
disappointed.
I know the real Rio's in there.
I'll just have to
duel her out of you.
I admit I'm fairly impressed.
It is always darkest
before the dawn.
But the sun always comes up,
just as these Barians
are going down.
Justice will be served.
And trust me,
it'll be explosive.
(Vector)
Now to answer the biggest
question of all.
Can Nash truly turn against
his old friends?
Or will his friendships
prove to be too strong?
I activate Silent Honor Dark's
special ability!
It turns your
Gimmick Puppet Giant Hunter
into a Chaos Overlay Unit!
Go Chaos Conversion!
♪♪
Play time is over, Quattro.
Silent Honor Dark, attack!
(yelling)
Good-bye, Quattro.
Wow, that was fast.
(Quattro) Good move,
but not good enough.
Now then.
We can do this the easy way
or the hard way.
Up to you.
Either way, the real
Shark will swim again,
even if I have to duel
the Barian out of you.
How did you
survive that attack?
When I saw what was coming,
I knew I had to use
Gimmick Puppet Shadow
Feeler's special ability.
Which means since you
attacked me directly,
I was able to bring
my Shadow Feeler
back from
the graveyard to protect me.
But there's more.
My Shadow Feeler isn't
destroyed in battle either,
so it's gonna stick around
and play for a while.
Clever move.
I didn't expect that.
Nor did I expect
a gutless fool like you
to show such courage
when hopelessly outmatched.
What's hopeless is getting past
all this bogus Barian business.
Drop it.
I want my friend Shark back.
You deluded fool.
I was never your friend.
I never felt anything for you
or anyone else except pity
at how pathetic you all are.
Huh?
That's right, Quattro.
Let your anger towards me grow.
It makes turning on you
so much simpler.
I think he's telling the truth.
Well, if I wasn't your
friend in the past,
then I'll be your worst
nightmare in the present!
I draw!
I equip Shadow Feeler
with this card...
Overlay Satellite.
So now Shadow Feeler
counts as two monsters
when I Xyz Summon!
Now, I overlay Level Eight
Shadow Feeler.
And since it
counts as two monsters,
I can build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 40...
Gimmick Puppet of Strings!
Now Overlay Satellite becomes
Gimmick Puppet of Strings'
Overlay Unit.
But in exchange, Strings
can't attack this turn.
What a fool.
You summon a monster
that you can't even use?
I would never have had
a clueless person
like you for a friend.
Clueless?
I bet this next move
will change your mind.
I activate Strings'
special ability.
I use one Overlay Unit
to put a String Counter
on your monster.
Gimmick Puppet, do your thing.
And since I used Shadow Feeler
as an Overlay Unit,
it gets banished.
Which was my plan, because it
lets me cast the spell
Banish Reactor.
And now, I get one card
back from the graveyard.
I choose Rank-Up-Magic
Argent Chaos Force.
Why bother to bring back
that phony meaningless card?
You couldn't be more wrong.
This card has great meaning.
My brother gave it to me.
He put his very heart
and soul into this card.
You know how important
that is, don't you?
Or have you
forgotten that duels
are about a lot more
than winning?
You never seemed to
think they were before.
No, but you and Yuma
and his friends,
you all changed the way
I thought about dueling
and what it really meant.
And now I guess it's up to me
to teach you that same lesson
and refresh your memory.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Argent Chaos Force!
Know what it does?
It ranks up my Xyz Monster
to a Chaos Xyz.
I overlay my
Gimmick Puppet of Strings.
Now I rebuild
the Overlay Network.
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Appear, Chaos Number 40...
Gimmick Puppet of Dark Strings!
I am not impressed, Quattro.
Believe me, you will be.
Dark Strings destroys
all monsters
with a String Counter,
so Silent Honor Dark
is destroyed.
Symphony of Destruction!
Now you lose
life points equal to your
Silent Honor Dark's
attack points.
So watch out.
It's gonna rain some pain.
Hope you're ready.
(yelling)
Dark Strings
has another ability.
You see, when it destroys
your monster,
I get to draw one more card.
(Shark)
Quattro doesn't know it,
but the angrier he makes me,
the harder I'm gonna hit back
and there's no way he can handle
the dark waters ahead.
♪♪
(Shark)
Quattro doesn't know it,
but the angrier he makes me,
the harder I'm gonna hit back.
You all right?
(Quattro)
Shark looks
like his old self.
Now he's got to feel
You can't get rid of
my Number that easily.
Huh?
'Cause you see, Quattro,
when Silent Honor Dark
has an Overlay Unit
when it's destroyed,
it can swim back
on to my field.
And I regain life points
equal to its attack points.
Well, I'll make sure it won't
be sticking around for long.
And since it's
run out of Overlay Units,
it won't be coming back either.
Dark Strings,
attack Silent Honor Dark!
I don't think so.
Overlay Connection.
This card becomes Silent
Honor Dark's Overlay Unit.
You can't get rid of my
monster that easily.
Maybe not, but I can still
unleash a beatdown.
(yelling)
My Gimmick Puppet
of Dark Strings
lets me draw one card.
It'll be just
what I need to kick this
duel up a few notches.
Exactly what I'll do when
I bring my monster back.
Revive, Silent Honor Dark!
Return from oblivion!
Just as it is reborn,
so are my life points.
5,300 life points.
You don't have a chance
against me, Quattro,
because I am the Barian leader.
Their combined strength
is mine.
Haven't you realized by now?
No matter how hard you
fight for it,
I will never again be
the Shark you once knew.
No way, I don't believe you.
You look like the old
Shark again
and that proves that I am
getting through to you.
It must be our dueling
that's bringing back
the friend I once knew.
(groaning)
And you yourself know it too.
You fool.
Keep dreaming.
Silent Honor Dark
turns your monster
into its Overlay Unit.
This is it.
One more attack
and Quattro is finished!
I activate Panic Shuffle.
You might've taken my monster,
but I'm not out of ideas.
Panic Shuffle switches
Silent Honor Dark
into defense mode
so you can't
attack me this turn.
And not only that,
all the spell and trap cards
in both our graveyards
get shuffled into our decks.
You survived this turn.
But you're only postponing
the inevitable, friend.
(Shark) Misguided fool.
Now that I am Barian once more,
I never want to feel
human again.
All I want to feel is rage!
The rage that destroys
everything!
Quattro, check out
your foolish friends.
They actually think they
can defeat us.
I won't quit.
I'm going to
fight to the very end.
Yuma, hang in there.
The gloves are coming off!
I might be down, but I'm not
even close to being out!
You might have me up
against the ropes, Alito.
But I promise, I'm going down
swinging with everything I got!
You may be able to
crush my monsters,
but you'll never be able
to crush my spirit.
Well said, Kaze.
We will fight
for our friend Yuma
until our very last point.
Justice.
Justice can never be defeated.
And love always conquers all.
I promised to protect Yuma.
And that's what I'm gonna do.
(Shark)
Your poor friends just
don't know when to give up.
And we never will.
♪♪
So how's it going, guys?
Purr-fect,
now that you're awake!
So is everyone okay?
Yep.
Everybody is absolutely
fantastic.
That's good.
Why don't we check back in
with your friends, Quattro,
maybe they made a comeback.
Oops, I guess I was wrong.
They're failing miserably.
(yelling)
Farewell.
Yuma, I'm sorry.
I wish I was able to have won
this duel like you won my heart.
I guess the good guys don't
always win after all.
You two guys
deserve a big hand.
Actually more like
a Giant Red Hand.
I'm done.
Yuma, forgive your
master for his failure.
I could not protect you.
It's been fun,
but it's time to finish this!
Comet Cestus, knock him
into next week.
(yelling)
I can't believe I lost.
Guess I let my temper
get the best of me.
Yuma, I'm so sorry.
I owe you one, kid.
You fought well.
But unfortunately for you,
not well enough.
(yelling)
Yuma.
Not only did I fail you,
I failed myself.
I admit, Bronk.
I always found you and the
spirit you bring to dueling...
oh, what are the words?
Oh yes, incredibly annoying.
I lost.
I was supposed to
win this duel for
Yuma and Astral.
And to bring back Rio.
But I... I let
them all down.
Know what else?
Disappointing friends
makes me hungry.
(Shark) Well, Quattro?
How does it feel to see your
friends defeated one by one,
hopelessly crushed under
the destructive might
of my fellow Barians?
Quattro.
Still think you can change me?
Or do you see now just
how wrong you were?
I see what you've become.
A Barian!
The good friend I once knew
is long gone
and there is nothing I
can do to bring him back.
(Shark) Excellent.
Let the passion you
had for saving me
turn into an unquenchable
desire to defeat me.
Think about how
your friends were defeated
and let that fuel your
anger towards me.
Come at me
with everything you got.
Let's make this a battle neither
of us will ever forget.
Today I lost an old friend,
but I've gained a new enemy!
Yes, that's correct.
One who will destroy you!
It's time, Quattro.
Time for share
your friends' fate.
♪♪